Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber, Kizuna Ai here!
Everyone, have you seen this video?
AI: By the way, what would be the punishment the loser gets?
AM: Punishment?
AM: The person who loses...
AM: Has to upload a video praising the winner's work
AM: How's that?
[ Penalty: Upload a video praising the winner on a later date ]
AI: Good idea...
AM: Isn't that a punishment appropriate for a YouTuber?
AI: It sounds good to me, I see
[ 2 points ]
AI: Eh?
AI: Enough!
AI: What does this mean?!
AM: I did it!
AM: That means that Kizuna Ai...
AM: You need to do the punishment!
Alright, so...
The penalty video where...
The loser just praises the winner
I'm going to take it from now!!
Alright
I'll do it, I'm a YouTuber after all
Well, it's not actually that hard to tell you the truth
Because
The Anime Man is a good person
So there's lots of things I can praise
Like a fountain, words of praise
Will come flowing out!
That said, this is a penalty
So I can't spend too much time on it
The time I can use on this is...
Ummmm...
1 minute!
Alright, so fully utilizing my high specs
In one minute
In one minute...
I'll give the beeeest...
Praise
Let's go!
A.I.Channel
Alright
The Anime Man praising time
Start!
The Anime Man is great
More than anything, he has a good personality
He's very easy to talk to, and is very tolerant
He comes across softly? I guess is how you say it
That kind of thing is pretty important, isn't it?
As someone who wants to connect with all of you, I want to learn that from him
And what's more, he's bilingual!
Of course, his English is fluent, and his Japanese is very good as well!
The English that comes out sometimes is cool
"Was there any need to speak English?"
Even on that kind of timing, he shows off his skills
Like, "How's that?!"
Japanese people are susceptible to the occasional English, aren't they?
Radio DJs do it too
LIke, "Why are you speaking English right now? And your pronunciation is excessively good"
In some songs as well
It's all Japanese until the refrain, then it's suddenly English
But he's bilingual and
Natipu- Native, native? He's a native
So he's allowed to show off
Alright, let's boast more
The fact that he learnt Japanese from manga is cool too
Like, "One gets better at what they like" (saying)
On top of that, he's making a career from manga and anime
Like, what is that Cinderella story!!
We could make this into a movie!
Let's go Hollywood!
Furthermore, his voice is good as well!
Is this what they call, "handsome voiced"?
There's probably girls who wouldn't stand a chance against English spoken in that voice
Well, he's "handsome voiced"-
[ End ]
And that's it!!
Ding, ding, ding~
Man, that was some praise
Maybe I praised him a little too much?
This video, probably...
If The Anime Man sees this, he'll probably be glad
Right?
You're gonna be happy, aren't you?
Ah, I don't need anything at all in return, alright?
Something like a video praising me in return...
Don't do it, ok?
A video that's just complimenting me...
Absolutely
Don't make one, ok?
Anime Man-san
You know the Japanese cliche, right?
What "Don't press that button" means?
You know, right?
Right?
Translated by Wolvenspud